Vault documentation: added new client count faqs for vault 1.10 (#14608)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/concepts/client-count/faq.mdx

To provide further clarity, in post Vault 1.9, if there was an auth mount per namespace, the customer could create an alias for a service account in namespace-1 and an alias for a service account in namespace-2 onto the same entity without issues. However, within namespace-1, which has a single auth mount, if they have a service account-1 and service account-2, both accounts cannot be aliased to a single client.

### Q: How does mount migration impact the client count metric?

In Vault 1.10, we made improvements to the [`sys/remount`](/api-docs/system/remount) API endpoint to simplify the complexities of moving data, such as secret engine and authentication method configuration from one mount to another, within a namespace or across namespaces. This can help with restructuring namespaces and mounts for various reasons, including [migrating mounts](/docs/concepts/mount-migration) from root to other namespaces when transitioning to using namespaces for the first time. To learn more, refer to the [Mount Move](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/vault/mount-move) tutorial.

When migrating mounts within a namespace, client counts are not impacted.

> - For each existing alias on the source mount and its corresponding entity, if the new namespace has an entity corresponding to it, then you can assign a corresponding alias for the mount and the client count will not be impacted. For example, say I am a user `prat` on namespace ns1/ and namespace ns2/, and I have an alias on the source mount in ns1/. After the move operation, I just need an alias added to the `prat` entity in ns2/ for the target mount. This keeps the client counts the same.
> - For the example above, say I do not have an entity `prat` in ns2/. That will need to be created in order to make an alias associating it with the target mount. This increases the client count by 1.
> - Following the above example, let's say after the move operation, the entity `prat` in ns1/ has no other aliases associated with it, i.e., the alias for the source mount was its only alias. At this point, we can clean up and remove the `prat` entity in ns1/. This will decrease the client count by 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For each existing alias on the source mount and its corresponding entity, if the new namespace has an entity corresponding to it, then you can assign a corresponding alias for the mount and the client count will not be impacted. For example, say I am a user `prat` on namespace `ns1/` and namespace `ns2/`, and I have an alias on the source mount in `ns1/`. After the move operation, I just need an alias added to the `prat` entity in `ns2/` for the target mount. This keeps the client counts the same.
- For the example above, say I do not have an entity `prat` in `ns2/`. That will result in a creation of a default entity in the target mount (`ns2/`). This increases the client count by 1.
- Following the above example, let's say after the move operation, the entity `prat` in `ns1/` has no other aliases associated with it, i.e., the alias for the source mount was its only alias. At this point, we can clean up and remove the `prat` entity in `ns1/`. This will decrease the client count by 1.
```
